So you are excited
to go out in service!
Do you think you are ready?
Not so fast!
Before you go in the ministry,
there are a few things
we need to go over.
First, we must learn the three P’s.
The three P’s?
Yes!
Preparation,
personal appearance,
and proper behavior.
First, preparation.
Preparation is the first pillar
of success in the ministry.
Every job
requires the proper tools.
When it comes
to tools for preaching,
the variety
might seem intimidating.
But never fear!
We have the Teaching Toolbox.
Finding the right tools
is easier than ever!
Once you have your tools,
make sure and practice
your presentation
before you leave the house.
We wouldn’t want to be preparing
on the doorstep.
Now that you are well-prepared,
it’s time to talk
about personal appearance.
How we look is very important
because we represent Jehovah.
Getting ready for the ministry,
we need to make sure
our appearance
is saying the right things.
Jehovah wants your appearance
to be well-arranged and modest.
What that means is
that we look and smell clean;
our clothes fit well,
but not too well;
our hair is done;
and we aren’t drawing
too much attention to ourselves.
Looking sharp, my son!
Now it’s time
to talk about proper behavior.
Our conduct while in the ministry
is another way
we can bring praise to Jehovah.
So make sure you are
on your best behavior.
Avoid talking or laughing loudly,
playing around,
or intruding
on anyone’s property or privacy.
Also, no eating at the door.
Remember, when we go
door to door, people see us,
and good behavior
gives a good witness.
We would never want
to give anyone
a reason to find fault
with our ministry.
Can I go out in service now?
Yes!
It looks like you are ready.
It’s time to put
the three P’s to the test.
Hi! My name is Caleb.
What’s your name?
Hi, Caleb!
My name is . . .